You'll notice that  your code is only going to work if your code is actually running constantly in the background.
Now you could of course, open up your project , run every single day and make sure that it works,but that's actually more
effort.So what can you do instead? Well,you want some sort of way where you can host your code in the cloud and run your code every
single day.
So one way of doing that is using a service called Python anywhere,and they have a free tier where we can do exactly that
without having to pay anything. Head over to python anywhere.com and go ahead and sign up for a new account.
Now, once you've signed up and signed in,then can go ahead and start adding some files.
Head over to the files tab and  open your project,upload the files you want and  create a new directory if you have other
files inside directories.
Go into Your console and create a new bash console and type python3 main.py.Now you might see this error right
here, the SMTP authentication error.
And this is something that happens because our Python program is trying to log into our email and google is blocking it.
Use the link provided to unlock capture (https://accounts.google.com/b/0/DisplayUnlockCaptcha).Going back to your
Python anywhere dashboard, go to the task section to schedule a task to run. Now to set up a scheduled task,type the same
command that you did in the console (python3 main.py)
And then you  going to schedule this at a particular time(the server time is based on UTC).
With this your python scripts run everyday at a particular time.However,you can only schedule one task to run.
Whenever you're uploading your code publicly,always be careful that you strip it of all of the API keys and instead use
environment variables like to pull it from the environment.
Environment variables allow us to separate out where we store our keys, our secret stuff,and various other variables away
from where our code base is located.
You can create an environment variable by simply typing export and then the name of the variable with no spaces,but
just a single equal sign.And then store everything that's in between the quotation marks.Read more on how to access
environment variables here (https://www.pythonanywhere.com/forums/topic/8892/)
